recruit_character = RAU_eileen_gu
recruit_character = RAU_Joseph_Biden
recruit_character = RAU_Donald_Trump
recruit_character = RAU_David_Smith
recruit_character = RAU_Charlotte_Jones
recruit_character = RAU_Ethan_Williams
recruit_character = RAU_Mia_Brown
recruit_character = RAU_Ethan_Wilson
recruit_character = RAU_Xavier_Taylor
recruit_character = RAU_Chelsea_Johnson
recruit_character = RAU_Avery_Lee
recruit_character = RAU_Xavier_Martin
recruit_character = RAU_Liam_White
recruit_character = RAU_Jasper_White
recruit_character = RAU_SanShang
recruit_character = RAU_lance_sharkey
recruit_character = RAU_Tom_Martin
recruit_character = RAU_Jack_White
add_ideas = {
	closed_economy
	extensive_conscription
	partial_economic_mobilisation
	RAU_counterattack
	RAU_revolution_of_union
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = unionism
}
set_popularities = {
	unionism=60
	communism=10
	radical_socialism=20
	anarchism=10
}
declare_war_on = {
	target = AST
	type = annex_everything
}
oob = "RAU_1936"
capital = 285
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	basic_train = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	radio_detection = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}
set_stability = 0.8
set_war_support = 0.7
